DOCS-7802 Network Analytics Edit (#23025)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/performance/network_analytics.md

| **Failed Connections** (Private Beta)     | The number of unsuccessful TCP connection attempts. Measured in instances of failed connections from the client.                         |

All metrics are instrumented from the perspective of the `client` side of the connection when available, or the server if not.

### Cloud service autodetection

If you're relying on managed cloud services like S3 or Kinesis, you can monitor the performance of traffic to those services from your internal applications. Scope your view to a particular AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure dependency to pinpoint latency, assess database performance, and visualize your network more completely.

{{< img src="network_performance_monitoring/network_analytics/cloud-service-hero-docs2.png" alt="Cloud Service Map" >}}

For instance, you can:

- Visualize data flow from your internal Kubernetes cluster to `server_service:aws.s3` in the [Network Map][2].
- Pivot to the [Network Page](#table) to isolate which pods are establishing the most connections to that service, and

> - Validate that their request are successful by analyzing S3 performance metrics, which are correlated with traffic performance directly in the sidepanel for a given dependency, under the *Integration Metrics* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validate that their request is successful by analyzing S3 performance metrics, which are correlated with traffic performance directly in the side panel for a given dependency, under the *Integration Metrics* tab.
```
